GCP resources naming (#2146)
kyma-project/test-infra: docs/prow/prow-naming-convention.md

# Naming conventions

This document describes naming convention for the Prow test instance and its resources hosted in Google Cloud Platform.

> The page describes naming convention standards for resources used by Prow and ProwJob resources like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More specifically, it provides the standards for naming resources used by Prow and ProwJob resources like:
```

- Service accounts
- Cryptographic keys
- Storage buckets

> ## Service Accounts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Service accounts
```

Each Service Account (SA) must follow standard naming convention that looks, as follows:
- `sa` - prefix for non-private service accounts.
- `first_letter_of_a_name+last_name` - prefix for private service accounts i.e. `hpotter`.
Personal SAs are limited to the project scope and their names consist of two parts only: `first_letter_of_a_name+last_name` and `gcp-project`.
Personal SA examples: `fflinstone-prow`, `hpotter-workloads`.

- `gcp-project`- one of GCP project's shortcut: `workloads`, `prow` or `dev`.

    | Project name   | Shortcut |
    | :-----------------| :---------------- | 
    | sap-kyma-prow-workloads | workloads|
    | sap-kyma-prow | prow|
    | sap-kyma-prow-neighbors-dev | dev|

- `application-name` - application name, purpose or tool where SA is used (ie. SAs used by prow: `prow-plank`, `prow-kyma-artifacts` and one SA used by job: `job-kyma-integration`)

Service account name examples:
- `sa-prow-gcs-plank`
- `sa-workloads-kyma-backup-restore`

> For short-living and test resources created in `sap-kyma-prow-neighbors-dev` and `sap-kyma-prow-neighbors-workloads` projects it is necessary to easily identify group of resources by adding `commit-sha` prefix.

Reviewer: short-term or temporary?

**NOTE:** In the future `commit-sha` will represent commit ID from the `/test-infra` repository, where test pipeline was triggered. Commit ID is rendered automatically while creating or merging pull request.

Example SA name: `c177396-sa-prow-gcs-plank`.

**CAUTION:** While creating SA please note that `[SA-DISPLAY-NAME]` should be the same as `[SA-NAME]` parameter and`[SA-DESCRIPTION]` is meaningful.

```

> gcloud iam service-accounts create [SA-NAME]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
gcloud iam service-accounts create {SA_NAME}
```

> --description "[SA-DESCRIPTION]"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--description "{SA_DESCRIPTION}"
```

> --display-name "[SA-DISPLAY-NAME]"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--display-name "{SA_DISPLAY_NAME}"
```

```

## Key Management Service

> In order to limit the scope of data accessible with any single key version each project will have one key ring per project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To limit the scope of data accessible with any key version, each project must have one key ring per project.
```

Reviewer: In order to -> to (that's completely preferential, it is simply shorter)

| KEY RING         | KEY | PROJECT NAME           |
| ------------- |:-------------:|:-------------:|
| kyma-prow |  kyma-prow-encryption |sap-kyma-prow |
| prow-workloads | prow-workloads-encryption |sap-kyma-prow-workloads |
| neighbors-dev | neighbors-de-encryption |sap-kyma-neighbors-dev | 

## Storage buckets

> This part of documentation concerns buckets created on `dev` or `workloads` project only. Guidelines related to the production Prow instance are [here](./production-cluster-configuration.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section only refers to buckets created either on the `dev` or `workloads` project. You can find guidelines related to the production Prow instance [here](./production-cluster-configuration.md).
```

> Short-living and test buckets, created in `sap-kyma-prow-neighbors-dev` and `sap-kyma-prow-neighbors-workloads` are prefixed with `commit-sha`, just like SAs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Short-term and test buckets created in the `sap-kyma-prow-neighbors-dev` and `sap-kyma-prow-neighbors-workloads` are prefixed with `commit-sha`, just like SAs.
```

Reviewer: Short-term or temporary?

> Examples: `c177396-kyma-dev-logs`, `c177396-kyma-dev-secrets`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The examples of such bucket names are `c177396-kyma-dev-logs` and `c177396-kyma-dev-secrets`.
```
